README.md, before:

<h2><img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1531849430/4246/blob-sunglasses.gif?1531849430" width="30"/> नमस्ते (Namaste)🙏🏻, I'm Manomay Bisht <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/12oufCB0MyZ1Go/giphy.gif" width="50"></h2>
<img align='right' src="https://media.giphy.com/media/M9gbBd9nbDrOTu1Mqx/giphy.gif" width="230">

I am a passionate CyberSec nerd a Bug Bounty Hunter and an overthinker....

### About Me:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Bug Bounty
- 🌱 I’m currently learning different tools and methodology
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on security related Projects
- 💬 Exercising is never a time waste... 
  
### Languages

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-000?&logo=Python)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-000?&logo=JavaScript)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C-000?&logo=C)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Go-000?&logo=Go&logoColor=007396)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-000?&logo=TypeScript)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-000?&logo=c%2b%2b&logoColor=00599C)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-000?&logo=MySQL)


### Technologies

![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-000?logo=amazonaws&logoColor=FF9900)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-000?&logo=Docker)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kubernetes-000?&logo=Kubernetes)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-000?&logo=Linux)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-000?&logo=node.js)
![mySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-000?&logo=MySQL)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-000?&logo=React)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-000?logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=0078D4)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-000?&logo=MongoDB)
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Supabase-000?&logo=Supabase)

## Blogs 
Soon.... Meanwhile Here are some [🦜 party parrots](https://cultofthepartyparrot.com):

<div>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/githubparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/flags/hd/indiaparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/asyncparrot.gif" width="36" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/exceptionallyfastparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/60fpsparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/jumpingparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/opensourceparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/dealwithitnowparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/hypnoparrotlight.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/databaseparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/fixparrot.gif" width="36" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/laptop_parrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/spinningparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/levitationparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/meldparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/slomoparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/moonwalkingparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/stableparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/scienceparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/pirateparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/footballparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/illuminatiparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/hypnoparrotdark.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/mustacheparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
</div>

Commit message:

Revise personal details in README
Updated personal interests and added a favorite song.

README.md, after:

<h2><img src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1531849430/4246/blob-sunglasses.gif?1531849430" width="30"/> नमस्ते (Namaste)🙏🏻, I'm Manomay Bisht <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/12oufCB0MyZ1Go/giphy.gif" width="50"></h2>
<img align='right' src="https://media.giphy.com/media/M9gbBd9nbDrOTu1Mqx/giphy.gif" width="230">

I am a passionate CyberSec nerd a Bug Bounty Hunter and an overthinker....

### About Me:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Bug Bounty
- 🌱 I’m currently learning different tools and methodology
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on security related Projects
- 🔓 My favourate song is by the one and only Queen  – *I Want to Break Free*
  
### Languages

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-000?&logo=Python)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-000?&logo=JavaScript)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C-000?&logo=C)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Go-000?&logo=Go&logoColor=007396)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-000?&logo=TypeScript)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-000?&logo=c%2b%2b&logoColor=00599C)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-000?&logo=MySQL)


### Technologies

![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-000?logo=amazonaws&logoColor=FF9900)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-000?&logo=Docker)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Kubernetes-000?&logo=Kubernetes)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-000?&logo=Linux)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-000?&logo=node.js)
![mySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-000?&logo=MySQL)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-000?&logo=React)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-000?logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=0078D4)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-000?&logo=MongoDB)
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Supabase-000?&logo=Supabase)

## Blogs 
Soon.... Meanwhile Here are some [🦜 party parrots](https://cultofthepartyparrot.com):

<div>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/githubparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/flags/hd/indiaparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/asyncparrot.gif" width="36" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/exceptionallyfastparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/60fpsparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/jumpingparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/opensourceparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/dealwithitnowparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/hypnoparrotlight.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/databaseparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/fixparrot.gif" width="36" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/laptop_parrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/spinningparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/levitationparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/meldparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/slomoparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/moonwalkingparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/stableparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/scienceparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/pirateparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/footballparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/illuminatiparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/hypnoparrotdark.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
    <img src="https://cultofthepartyparrot.com/parrots/hd/mustacheparrot.gif" width="30" height="30"/>
</div>
